<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

    <head>
        <title>Preface</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/style.css" />
    </head>

    <body epub:type="frontmatter" id="preface">
        <section epub:type="preface" class="poem" id="preface-poem">
            <div>
                <p id="anim-toggle">Start animation</p>
            </div>
            <p>
                <span>All in the golden afternoon</span>
                <span>Full leisurely we glide;</span>
                <span>For both our oars, with little skill,</span>
                <span>By little arms are plied,</span>
                <span>While little hands make vain pretence</span>
                <span>Our wanderings to guide.</span>
            </p>

            <p>
                <span>Ah, cruel Three! In such an hour,</span>
                <span>Beneath such dreamy weather,</span>
                <span>To beg a tale of breath too weak</span>
                <span>To stir the tiniest feather!</span>
                <span>Yet what can one poor voice avail</span>
                <span>Against three tongues together?</span>
            </p>

            <p>
                <span>Imperious Prima flashes forth</span>
                <span>Her edict "to begin it"—</span>
                <span>In gentler tones Secunda hopes</span>
                <span>"There will be nonsense in it!"—</span>
                <span>While Tertia interrupts the tale</span>
                <span>Not more than once a minute.</span>
            </p>

            <p>
                <span>Anon, to sudden silence won,</span>
                <span>In fancy they pursue</span>
                <span>The dream-child moving through a land</span>
                <span>Of wonders wild and new,</span>
                <span>In friendly chat with bird or beast—</span>
                <span>And half believe it true.</span>
            </p>

            <p>
                <span>And ever, as the story drained</span>
                <span>The wells of fancy dry,</span>
                <span>And faintly strove that weary one</span>
                <span>To put the subject by,</span>
                <span>"The rest next time—" "It is next time!"</span>
                <span>The happy voices cry.</span>
            </p>

            <p>
                <span>Thus grew the tale of Wonderland:</span>
                <span>Thus slowly, one by one,</span>
                <span>Its quaint events were hammered out—</span>
                <span>And now the tale is done,</span>
                <span>And home we steer, a merry crew,</span>
                <span>Beneath the setting sun.</span>
            </p>

            <p>
                <span>Alice! A childish story take,</span>
                <span>And with a gentle hand,</span>
                <span>Lay it where Childhood's dreams are twined</span>
                <span>In Memory's mystic band,</span>
                <span>Like pilgrim's withered wreath of flowers</span>
                <span>Plucked in far-off land</span>
            </p>
        </section>
        
        <script type="text/javascript" src="script/preface.js"></script>
    </body>

</html>